The Joe Rogan experience. So we wrap this up. I mean, listen,
I don't think we're going to no one. And then you lost in this podcast.
I don't think we're going to no jail. We'll never know. We may never know.
People are going to be mad at both of you guys for not voting and me for voting
and in the Reltio Jorgensen. I listen, I did what I had to do.
I was going to vote.
I fought about it and I looked at the people doing it and they said,
I don't want to be associated with them. So listen, I just want to,
I want to reiterate this before we finish.
And even though I said it about 78 times tonight,
but we have the list of the states, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Virginia.
They don't count the mail in ballots as they come in.
So they're counting all the votes from today, which are going to skew pro Trump.
And then after they count the mail-in votes, which skew pro Biden,
can we see this? The states again? So those states I think, are, uh,
play. Now, let me ask you this is,
is there a path where if Trump wins Pennsylvania,
where he could still lose the electric? Um, let me see the map.
Let's see if he were,
if Trump were to win Pennsylvania and he wins Ohio and he wins Florida,
um, see his problem is he's not gonna win Wisconsin and Michigan.
I think he might eat out to 2 78 if he gets,
yeah. If he gets North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio.
I think that might get him there, but I saw.
The way he could win or excuse me, Biden could win without getting Pennsylvania,
but it would give them two 70. Exactly. Which is like a tough way though.
Would that Matt be, I'm trying to re I can't,
I can't check the tweet cause you guys are. I have to get.
Rid of my screen that two 70, when we listen to them,
it really adds up right now.
It really all rides on Pennsylvania because I'll tell you what Michigan and
Wisconsin are not going to stay.
pro-Trump they're a hundred percent flipping a Biden.
Cause he's up like eight to 10 points there in the polls.
And we haven't counted the male yet.
So Wisconsin and Michigan are gone for Biden. For sure.
So it's going to come down to Pennsylvania, Tom and Arizona to a little bit,
but it looks like Biden's going to hang on there, which is kind of surprising.
I'm saying he's winning it. That's what I'm saying. It comes down to PA.
Arizona is another state where the California's fled to.
They all went to Phoenix and Tucson, but it's more old. Suburban retiree is,
you know what I mean? And they like those muscles,
Arizona factor. If Michigan and Wisconsin scroll back up,
what's agreed that Michigan and Wisconsin go to Biden as a candidates,
campaigns have expected, then Pennsylvania takes center stage, right?
Not necessarily Biden could lose Pennsylvania and still win the presidency.
If he wins Arizona plus Maine to in Nebraska to where he's not going to win me.
Split those two main second district. That's not, oh,
it's actually much more likely to be two 70 on the nose. Interesting.
Yeah, but I, um, it's I think it's.
Going to come down to Pennsylvania. Wow. What a tight race.
Is it tight race? You think Trump's not to raise hell if he's got 2 68,
Trump's not going to let that go. He's gonna be like, can he do Supreme court?
He'll say, it, fraudulent. This that's fake.
This isn't real is where it gets ugly. Right?
That's that's where we have a real problem in this country. Yeah.
When it goes to the Supreme court,
you remember those people that tried to knock the Biden bus off the road? Yes.
Yeah. Imagine how they're going to react.
If they think the Democrats are going to try to steal it,
that drives a bunch of that was happening.
I don't know if you saw the violence in North Carolina today where people were
trying to block the polls.
There was a lot of chaos and police were pepper spraying people at the polls.
Trays. Yeah, it didn't look good. It doesn't look good. It looked awful.
It's like, God it. This is voting.
Is there a shot that we don't know the answer tomorrow? Yes.
There's a very good shot. We don't know the answer tomorrow.
Cause it might take a while. What do you think if you had to guess?
If I had to guess, I think it looks relatively close. I'd say three days.
Maybe we might know the answer. So the weekend. Perfect.
I'll tell you right now and slide the out. Listen. Yeah.
You're you're getting out onto the wire. I'm getting out tomorrow at 6:30 AM.
Perfect. Smart. Go right back to the desert. Pack your. Get ready to move here.
Yeah. It's common. Not immediately. It's coming. We'll see. It's coming.
I got to see this Michael blue. We'll see. No,
I think, I think Trump's hanging on [inaudible].
It's probably very hard, but a potential tie of 2 69 each,
it seems like to get it. That.
Would be [inaudible] do happens. They're like no. Then they slug it out. Yeah.
Then they fight dual do as if there was a way to tell you that comes out of the
basement of the white house rises up,
they climb in and duke it out with those on-body things.
There was only a 4% chance. It would end like that.
And it seems like that might happen. Do you know what happens in what?
In case of a tie? Yeah.
They revoked goes to.
Congress. Hold on. Let me look.
This says that the it's, this is from 5 38,
who is everyone's favorite account today because the polls,
but it says in that case,
Biden would need to carry either Nebraska or Maine second congressional
district to win. And I don't know why those two specifically.
Um, I'm going to look.
I actually don't know what happens if it's a tie and I'm going to look now,
this is Nancy Pelosi default or something
in the United States,
a contingent election is that is the procedure used to elect the president or
vice-president in the event that no candidate for one or both of these officers
wins an absolute majority of votes in the electoral college,
a contingent election for the president is decided by a vote of the United
States house of representatives. Congress decides well,
a contingent election for the president for the vice-president is decided by a
vote of the United States Senate. Oh my God.
That's interesting because that would mean the Democrats in the house would pick
Biden to be president.
And then the Republicans in the Senate would pick a Republican to be
vice-president.
And then what the Supreme court picks does a default. I just go for.
During the contingent election, each house state delegation casts one vote, uh,
to determine the president rather than a vote from each representative senators.
Instead cast votes individually for vice-president the contingent election
process was first established in article two, section one clause,
three of the us constitution.
It was subsequently modified by the 12th amendment in 1804.
The phrase contingent election is not found in the text of the constitution
itself, but has been used to describe the procedure since at least 1823.
Mm wait. So I just, I read over that real quick and you kind of glossed over.
It says that the president and vice president are indirectly elected.
So that means they pick them. They each are picked separately.
Right? That's what I said. I know this is so fast. It's a very bad system.
I said, I said, you have the Congress picks the president.
And then it's the Senate that picks the vice president.
The Senate is Republican right now. Uh, and Congress is democratic right now.
She'd have a Democrat at the top of the ticket and a Republican at the bottom of
the tie. Then you'll have a winner.
I think it's just kind of just somebody is going to win.
Somebody is going to win these things.
I think it's gonna all come down to Pennsylvania.
And I still think it's very likely Biden, wind, Pennsylvania.
Cause they got to count all the mail-in ballots and they're overwhelmingly
button. But, but I will say this, listen, if,
if Biden wins this election and he's got less than 300 electoral votes
yet again, Trump outperformed the polls. He absolutely outperformed the polls.
Cause all the polls coming into today, if you just copied and pasted,
it would have been Biden 351 electoral votes.
So that means Trump outperformed the polls yet again,
if Biden only wins would like 2 78 or some.
So with Pennsylvania in the mail and votes,
like how carefully that was going to be monitored. The counting of them,
this could get really weird. It can get really weird. It can get really ugly.
We know Trump is probably already going to try to downplay them and get them
dismissed. Republicans are literally,
they're doing lawsuits in certain states to try to get the bells to dismiss
percent of the state voting absentee. COVID
COVID a lot of states have been doing it like that where people don't want to
show it to seems odd to me. Cause you can go to the grocery store.
You can go somewhere else. I don't know why you can't.
Pull a lever. Yeah.
That seems odd. It seems odd.
There are there going to be lawsuits where they try to throw them out.
You won't finish counting absentee ballots till Friday at the earliest.
Ooh. Oh, that's a long time.
They're busy dealing with Tuesdays. In-person voting.
Wow. Friday. That's nuts. So.
Here we are on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and then Friday.
We'll say three days, like I said, oh my God. Wow.
When Pennsylvania proved so-called no excuse absentee male belts last fall,
meaning any voter can request one without citing and reason.
The law didn't allow officials to begin canvassing mail ballots until polls
close on election night. According to Lisa shaver,
the executive director of the county commissioners association of Pennsylvania.
By the way,
if Biden loses the will immediately blame the voters as if the
voters let him down. Not that he wasn't a good enough candidate.
Cause this is exactly what happened in 2016.
They immediately started blaming the voters. Yeah.
Well they're going to be bitter. You know, people when they lose, they,
they blame all kinds.
Of other things other than their own performance. Well, Hey.
We had a few filet of fish. Yeah. We tried. We had a few laughs.
If people think that we weren't taking things seriously. You're right.
That's what we're doing, right, exactly what we're here for. Correct.
This is not a serious, uh, election show. Um, but uh,
thank you gentlemen. That was a lot of fun India.
Thank you for coming and splaining things to us. My pleasure way.
That's like you're welcome informed. No, that guy, uh,
thank you for mocking our system. Thank you Jamie,
for being a big Snopes fan. Appreciate that shell.
Okay. Jamie's a, he's a COVID survivors. Give him some respect.
I know. I kinda, I kind of shimmied away from him when I saw him at the door.
I was like, all right, you good, bro, man, he's got the antibiotics.
He's the most safe person that's that's right. Coffin his mouth.
And he brush it right off. Um, all right, well that's it ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for tuning in. I hope it didn't disappoint you too terribly hope.
You're not mad at me for voting for someone to get with luck and enjoy the
riots. Dylan and Kyle Kalinsky, not voting at all. Yeah.
Chaos. It's going to be chaos coming up in the next few days. I hope.
I really think it is cool. I hope we can get through this as a country and um,
and uh, but listen, on the bright side, more people voted than ever.
And I think we're aware now that's a great point.
Importance of voting Tim Dillon show on YouTube. Good luck, Tim.
Dylan has a great show. You can watch his podcast. Secular song.
Talk on YouTube. Yeah, well that's I was going to get to that eventually.
That was not to cut you off over Tim. Dylan's plugged where uh,
Tim Dillon also was on the road. He's hitting the road again.
Starting to throw the gags. Yeah, we're trying,
we're seeing the cutting capacity. We're rescheduling some stuff,
but we're going to win his fight through the Chicago show, just killing them,
left her. And then they're also like going like, Hey, some of these clubs,
like how about doing 24 shows and set? And I'm like, no, no, no.
Let's wait two months. So we'll say, well thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you.
Bye. Everybody.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan spirits are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking you. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.